jakarta.persistence.EntityListener XML declaration (#1150)
eclipse-ee4j/jpa-api: spec/src/main/asciidoc/ch08-entity-packaging.adoc

type for one-to-one and many-to-one associations, as specified in
<<fetching-policies>>.

===== entity-listener

> The `entity-listener` element allows to specify zero-or-more `jakarta.persistence.EntityListener`-style listener classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `entity-listener` element declares an entity listener class with 
semantics equivalent to the `@EntityListener` annotation defined in 
<<entity-listener-annotation>>.
```
